---
title: Legal notice
date: "2018-06-28T00:00:00+01:00"
draft: false
share: false
commentable: false
editable: false

# Optional header image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---


#### Address

Elvira Eulitz  
Im Großen Büchenfeld 24  
30453 Hannover  
Germany  

E-Mail:  
ruhahealing@gmail.com


#### Responsible for the content of this website
Elvira Eulitz

#### Copyright

All texts, pictures and illustrations on this website are licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 (Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International) , unless otherwise stated

### Privacy

#### General Information

As a service provider Elvira Eulitz points out to the visitors of this website according to the EU data protection regulation (DSGVO) that data are collected and processed when visiting the website. This data protection declaration can be accessed by visitors to the website at any time.

#### Usage data

When visiting the website, personal data is collected from the users, which enables the use of the website (usage data). In particular, it concerns features for identification and information about the beginning, the end, the duration and the extent of the use of the website. This data is only used internally to generate access statistics and is not merged with other data. This means that it is not possible to assign the data to a specific person.

Elvira Eulitz may use pseudonyms to create user profiles for the purposes of advertising, market research and the demand-oriented design of the website. However, the user profiles cannot be combined with the data on the bearer of the pseudonym. The user of the website can object to the creation of a user profile.

In order to generate access statistics, the following data is collected when the website is visited: IP address, URL of the page accessed, referrer (the previous page from which reference was made to the page accessed), date and time of access, duration of access. The data collected when you visit the website will only be used internally for the stated purposes and will not be passed on to third parties.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. "("Google"). The use is based on art. 6 par. 1 p. 1 lit. f. DSGVO. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on the user's computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the website, such as

- Browser type/version
- operating system used,
- Referrer URL (the previously visited page)
- Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
- Time of the server request

are usually transferred to a Google server in the US and stored there. The IP address transmitted by the browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. We have also added the code "anonymizeIP" to Google Analytics on this website. This guarantees that the IP address of the user is masked so that all data is collected anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.

On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide the website operator with further services associated with the use of the website and the Internet. The storage of cookies can be prevented by a corresponding setting of the browser software. However, we would like to point out to users that in this case they may not be able to use all functions of this website to the full extent.

In addition, the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to the use of the website (including the IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google can be prevented by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, the collection by Google Analytics can also be prevented by clicking on [this link](javascript:gaOptout()). An opt-out cookie is set which prevents the future collection of the user's data when visiting this website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on the user's device. If the cookies in this browser are deleted, the opt-out cookie must be set again.

The user can find the terms of use and data protection of Google Analytics [here](https://policies.google.com/?hl=en).

The mentioned data are stored for 26 months. If the data is no longer required, it will be deleted immediately.


#### Objection, revocation, information, correction, blocking, deletion

The user of the Elvira Eulitz website has the right to revoke his consent to the use of his data according to Art. 7, par. 3 of the DSGVO and to request information about the data collected in the context of the use at any time. In addition, the user has the right to request the correction, blocking or deletion of this data within the legally prescribed framework. To exercise the above rights or to declare any objection to the creation of a user profile, the user sends an e-mail to the e-mail address stated in the imprint of the website and - if necessary for his request - states his IP address and the time of access. Elvira Eulitz will then provide the requested information and arrange for the data to be corrected, blocked or deleted as far as possible. Information may also be provided electronically on request. In addition, the user has the right of appeal under Art. 77 DSGVO.

Elvira Eulitz acts as data protection officer of our company. Mrs. Eulitz can be reached at any time by our users by email to ruhahealing@gmail.com if, for example, users wish to receive further information about the processing of personal data.

